Add docs for adding tests (#62)
giantswarm/kyverno-policies: README.md

```bash
make generate
```

### Adding tests

This repository uses the [app-build-suite](https://github.com/giantswarm/app-build-suite/) and the related testing setup.
We have tried to make the test setup as simple as possible but some python knowledge is required.

The tests use [python fixtures](https://docs.pytest.org/en/6.2.x/fixture.html) extensively to set up any resources we need in our tests.

All fixtures can be found in [ensure.py](https://github.com/giantswarm/kyverno-policies/blob/main/helm/tests/ensure.py).
Each fixtures should be structured in a similar way:
```python
@pytest.fixture
def myresource(kubernetes_cluster):
    # Yaml of whatever resource you want to create.
    c = dedent(f"""
        apiVersion: cluster.x-k8s.io/v1alpha3
        kind: MyResource
        metadata:
          name: {cluster_name}
        spec:
          some:
            spec: ""
    """)

    # Creating the resource for our test.
    kubernetes_cluster.kubectl("apply", input=c, output=None)

>     LOGGER.info(f"MyResource {cluster_name} applied")

Reviewer: I may be being blind but where is `cluster_name` defined?

Author: Good point - it's a global variable in the `ensure.py` file currently. Will add some explanation maybe:
https://github.com/giantswarm/kyverno-policies/blob/9ef729d05d86f5b250f7a6f035862e9f61255f9a/helm/tests/ensure.py#L14

Reviewer: Right, yes I see, it makes sense once you open the file 😅 

Yeah but maybe just a word that when you define your fixture function there are some globals you can use.

Each fixtures should be structured in a similar way:
```python
@pytest.fixture
def myresource(kubernetes_cluster):
    # Yaml of whatever resource you want to create.
    # The cluster_name variable is defined globally in ensure.py - so we always reuse the same names.
    c = dedent(f"""
        apiVersion: cluster.x-k8s.io/v1alpha3
        kind: MyResource
        metadata:
          name: {cluster_name}
        spec:
          some:
            spec: ""
    """)

    # Creating the resource for our test.
    kubernetes_cluster.kubectl("apply", input=c, output=None)
    LOGGER.info(f"MyResource {cluster_name} applied")

    # Get the resource back from Kubernetes after it has been applied / defaulted.
    raw = kubernetes_cluster.kubectl(
        f"get MyResource {cluster_name}", output="yaml")

    myresource = yaml.safe_load(raw)

    # yield returns the object to our test case.
    yield myresource

    # Do cleanup after our testcase has ended.
    kubernetes_cluster.kubectl(f"delete MyResource {cluster_name}", output=None)
    LOGGER.info(f"MyResource {cluster_name} deleted")
```

> The testcases can now look very simple as we only need to assert that the resources were created as we expected.

Reviewer 2: Above you're creating a fixture for a `MyResource` but here you're using CAPI CRs. It might help to use `myresource` in this test (if I'm understanding correctly).

Author: I might change the sample above to have `awscluster` instead. Maybe that would make it less confusing :D

Reviewer 2: That sounds better. Otherwise they feel disconnected.

Author: PTAL

Here is an example:
```python

> # We have to mark the test as smoke for app-build-suite.

Reviewer 2: What does smoke mean?

Author: It's currently built into `app-build-suite` - I think it's kind of static for `app-build-suite` to know what to do

@pytest.mark.smoke

> # We requests 3 resources from fixtures: A release CR, a cluster CR and a awscluster CR.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# We request 3 resources from fixtures: a Release CR, a Cluster CR and an AWSCluster CR.
```

# The input parameters are named the same as the fixture functions to make it work.
def test_aws_cluster_policy(release, cluster, awscluster) -> None:
    """
    test_aws_cluster_policy tests defaulting of an AWSCluster where all required values are empty strings.

    :param release: Release CR which is used by the Cluster.
    :param cluster: Cluster CR which uses the release and matches the AWSCluster.
    :param awscluster: AWSCluster CR with empty strings which matches the Cluster CR.
    """
    # At this point the release CR, cluster CR and awscluster CR have all been created in our KIND setup.
    # We now only need to assert that the awscluster CR looks like we expect it to!
    assert awscluster['metadata']['labels']['cluster.x-k8s.io/watch-filter'] == ensure.watch_label
    assert awscluster['spec']['region'] == "eu-west-1"
    assert awscluster['spec']['sshKeyName'] == "ssh-key"
    # We don't need to clean up anything as the fixture does that for us already!
```
To make this example work in a new file we need to also remember to import our fixtures correctly:
```python
# Importing the path to the ensure.py file.
import sys

> sys.path.append('../../../tests')

Reviewer 2: Wouldn't this be in the same directory making this unnecessary?

Author: Unfortunately not:
`ensure.py` is here https://github.com/giantswarm/kyverno-policies/blob/main/helm/tests/ensure.py
And tests are e.g. here:
https://github.com/giantswarm/kyverno-policies/blob/main/helm/policies-azure/tests/abs/test_azure_default.py
